 We are told to write seven hundredths as a fraction and a decimal. Why don't you get some paper and a pencil out and see if you can do that before we do it together. All right, so let's do it first as a fraction. So what is going to be the denominator of our fraction if they're saying seven hundredths? And the way I'm saying it is a little bit of a hint. Seven hundredths, well, I think you got the picture. We're dealing with hundredths, So our denominator is going to be one.  100, and then how many hundreds do we have? Well, we have seven of them. I'll do that in a different color just to be clear. We have seven of those hundreds, so there you have it. Seven hundreds. That's this expressed as a fraction. Now, what about as a decimal? Well, we could think about our decimal places if, let's say that this is the ones place, and I'm just putting a little blank here. is one's place and you have a decimal right over here.  and then this would be the tenths place, and then this would be the hundredths place. Well, we want to represent seven hundredths. So let me be clear, this right over here is ones. This is tenths, and this is hundredths. I like saying it's unusually fun to say that. Hundreds. Ones, tenths, hundredths. So how many ones do we have here? Well, we have no ones. We have zero ones. me tense  What else do we have here? Well, we have no tense. How many hundreds do we have? Well, we have seven hundreds. Okay, now it's getting annoying. We have seven hundreds. So you could write it that way as well. And if I wanted to just write it a little bit cleaner, I could just write no ones, no tense, and seven hundreds. I said it the last time like a normal person. Let's do another example. Here, where it's told, select the written form of  each number. And so, on the left right over here, you have different representations here. We have things written as a decimal, a fraction, another decimal. And then we wanna say, hey, which of these are represented in words, or a combination of numbers and words up here? So pause this video and have a go at this as well. Okay, so this first number right over here, we have no ones, and then as we go one space to the right of the decimal, this is the tenths place, and it's clear we have four of those tenths. So  So this right over here is four tenths. So that is this choice right here. So we would, I'll shade it in. If you're doing this on Khan Academy, you would just click there and it would fill in. So what about this one? Well this one we would read. You have four out of 10 or four tenths. So this again would be four tenths. So we would shade that one in. Now what's going on over here? We have no ones. We have no tenths. We have four hun-  I said it again, it's too much fun. So we have four hundredths. So that's this column, so we would fill that one in and we're done.