 Leah has nine roly-pollies. Let's write that down. Leah has nine roly-pollies in her bughouse. She has one more than dingane, is I think how I would say that name. How many roly-pollies does dingane have? So that's what we need to figure out. So we need to figure out how many roly-pollies does dingane have. And so this right over here is  our question mark. Now, it's always good when you look at a word problem like this, you say, okay, well, dingani have more or less than Leah. Well, it says she, Leah, has one more than dingani. So Leah is going to have more. And how much more? One more. So dingani is going to have one less than Leah. If Leah has one more than dingani, then dingani has one less than Leah. So how do we write one less? Well, we could just subtract one.  So this right over here, this is one less, one less. This is saying that Dingane has one less than Lea. So how much does Dingane have? Well, he's going to have eight roly-pollies. Eight roly-pollies. Now another way you could have done it, you could have drawn Lea as roly-pollies. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, and that would have been them rolled up. And you said, okay, that's one more than Dingane, So,  the zingane has one less than this. So one less than this, you just take away one of these and you're left with, you're left with one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. You're left with these right over there. Let's do one more of these, whoops. Alright, let's do one more. So they tell us the mass of a small box is seven grams less than the large box. the mass of the small...  box is six grams. So let's write that. They tell us the small box, small, small box, it has a mass of six grams. And we need to figure out what is the mass, what is the mass of the large box? Large, large box. This is what we need to figure out. So this is a question mark. Now, like we did in the last problem, is a large box gonna have a larger max or a smaller mass.  and we shouldn't just look at the names of the box, we should look at what they tell us. They tell us that the mass of the small box is seven grams less than the large box. So this, the small box, is seven grams less than the large box. And that's another way of saying that the large box is seven grams more than the small box. So another way to say seven grams more, the small box is six grams, plus seven grams, that's seven grams more, that's going to equal the mass of the log.  box. So what's the mass of the large box? Well, six plus seven is thirteen. Six plus seven is thirteen and we're done.