 There were some gorillas lifting weights in the gym. Then three more gorillas came and started running. Now, 17 gorillas are in the gym. How many gorillas were lifting weights? So that's the number of gorillas that were originally in the gym, the gorillas lifting weights. So how many gorillas were lifting weights? And they have this diagram for us. What is this diagram telling us? How many squares are there? There's one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.  9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17 squares. So this 17, this is how many gorillas there are now in the gym. So this is the 17 right over here. How many gorillas there are now in the gym? How many gorillas there are now in the gym? That's the 17. Now there were some gorillas in the gym. Three more came and started running. So maybe these are the three that came in and started running. So one, two.  two, three. So how many were there to begin with? How many were there lifting weights? So all the rest of these must have been there lifting weights, so that is one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14. So 14 gorillas were lifting weights, that's the ones where I wrote the numbers in this purplish color. and three more.  came in and it started running, and now there are 17, and you see the 17 blocks. How many gorillas were lifting weights to begin with? Well, that's the 14. That is the 14. And there's other ways that you could have done this. You could have said, OK, there were some number of gorillas that were lifting weights in the gym. Now, three more gorillas walk in. Three more gorillas walk in, and now they're going to be 17 gorillas. So you could say, okay, something.  plus three is 17, or you could say 17 minus three, minus the three that walked in. Well, that's going to give you how many you originally had. How many you originally had? And either way you think about it, you're gonna get two. You are going to get to 14. 17 minus three, you could view that as well. This 17 is one 10 and seven ones, so you take away three ones. Seven minus three is four, So 17 minus three is gonna be 14.  Let's do another one of these. This is more of what you might see on Khan Academy, and it's good to just know what they're asking for. So this says, I bought a bag of 13 mini chocolate chip cookies. My sister ate some of them, and I was left with eight cookies. I was left with eight cookies. How many cookies did my sister eat? So I had a bag of 13 cookies. I had a bag of 13 cookies. My sister ate some of them.  So those cookies are going away. So I'm going to subtract those cookies. So my sister ate some of them. So that's the question mark. How many cookies did my sister eat? She ate some of them, and then I was left with eight cookies. And then I was left with eight cookies. So 13 minus something is equal to 8. Or you could view this as, if you want to solve for the something, you could say that 13. And some of you might just be saying, OK, I know. 13 minus 5 is equal to 8. so you'd know that the question mark is equal to five.  or you could say that 13 minus eight minus eight is equal to question mark. Is equal to question mark. Or you could even say, well, if I was left with eight cookies, you could say if I was left with eight cookies and my sister ate some of them. So this is what I left with plus the ones that my sister ate, that must be how many cookies I originally had. That must be the number.  of cookies I originally had. So any way you do it, you get your question mark is equal to five. Sister eight, five cookies. Now they ask us which choices can help you solve the problem? Well, all of these, this is, now we know the question mark is five. We know that 13 minus five is equal to eight. So let me write that down. We know that, actually let me just replace this. Let me just replace this with a five. So 13 minus five is equal to eight? Well that's a true...  true statement that's describing what just happened here. So this could help me, or actually not that one, that's 13 plus five, 13 minus five, equaling eight, that's this right over here. And that is a useful thing to know because look, if I started with 13 cookies, my sister ate five of them, I'd be left with eight. Now what about this one over here, 13 minus eight? Well we know this would be equal to five now. But they don't have a 13 minus eight equals five, so we don't have to select that. And then here, we now know the question mark is five, So eight plus, quick.  five is 13. Eight plus five is 13, that's useful too. Because we know eight plus five is 13, then we know what I'm left with, plus what my sister ate is five, is going to be the 13 that I started with. 13 plus five equals 18, not so useful. 18 has nothing to do with the problem. There weren't, you know, somehow, it's not like my sister somehow baked five more cookies and added them, and now I'm left with 18 cookies. I'm left with eight cookies now. And so I didn't add the five, she ate those cookies. So I would subtract them. Thank you.  you