 Let's write 29 hundredths as a decimal. So we'll start with 29 over 100 and let's start breaking that down so we can get to place values because place values will help us to convert to write this as a decimal. 29 hundredths we can break that down into 20 hundredths plus 900. 20 hundredths plus nine more hundredths is equal to 2900. So we've just broken it down so  here. It's still equivalent to 29 hundredths. We're just taking it apart trying to get to place values. Going from there, we can simplify even more. Twenty hundredths can be simplified. We could divide twenty and a hundred by ten. So we'll say two tenths plus nine hundredths. And now, if you can hear the tenths, hundredths, these are place values we should recognize from from decimals.  shown here is that 29 hundredths is equal to two tenths plus nine hundredths. Here we have two tenths, which matches two tenths and nine hundredths, like our nine hundredths right there. And so we can take those and think about place value if we have our desk  Let's first put our decimal. Over here to the left of the decimal is our ones place value. We don't have any ones here, so we'll put a zero, zero ones. But the next is tenths. Then we have our tenths and we have two tenths. And after tenths, the place value after tenths is hundredths, and here we see we have nine hundredths. So we'll put a nine in the hundredths place. So down here.  0.29 or 29 hundredths is equivalent to the fraction 29 hundredths. Just listen to how those are said. It's kind of a clue that we did well. 29 hundredths is equivalent to 29 hundredths. Both the fraction and the decimal are read the same way. That's a pretty good clue that we probably rewrote these correctly. 0.29 is equal to 2900.  Let's try one more. Let's try something, let's say maybe 50, maybe 53 tenths. So again we're going to break this down. We'll have 50 tenths plus how many more tenths are left? There's still three more tenths. And again we can simplify, we can simplify this. 50 tenths can be divided by 10.  So instead of 50 tenths, we'll say 5 ones plus we still have those three tenths. And now we've got this to place value. 5 ones is 5 ones plus here 3 tenths is 3 tenths. So, thinking, let's put our decimal over here to the left.  to the decimals are ones, and we have five ones, and to the right of the decimal is tenths, and we have three tenths. So 5.3, or five and three tenths, is equal to 53 tenths. To write 53 tenths as a decimal, we will get 5.3, because it was five ones and three tenths, which we showed right here, five and three tenths.