 What I want you to do is pause the video and think about what 27 minus one is and then think about what 27 minus 10 is. Alright, you might have found it pretty straightforward but I want to think about it in terms of place value. So let's focus on 27. So 27, I have two in the tens place so that two means two tens and we see them here, two groups of 10 and then we have seven in the ones place and we see those seven ones right over here.  Now I'm gonna subtract one. I'm subtracting one one is another way to think about it because this is in the ones place here. So I'm gonna take away one. So let's just take away one like that and then what am I left with? Well I still have my two tens so I could put a two in the tens place. So I still have a two in the tens place and now how many ones do I have? Well I used to have seven, I took one away, now I have six ones. So now I have six ones. So two tens and...  Well, we call that 26. Now let's think about 27 minus 10. So once again, this is 27, two 10s and seven ones. And now we're not going to take away any ones, but we're going to take away one 10. Let's just remind ourselves, a 10 is literally one 10. I know that sounds like I'm saying the same thing over and over again, but I really want you to appreciate the place value. This is the 10's place and I have a one there. So I'm going to take away one 10.  and zero ones. So let's take away that 10. So let's take away, maybe I'll take this one away. I'll do it in a color that's easier to see. So I could take that away. And then what am I left with? How many 10s am I left with? Well, now I only have one full group of 10. So I have one 10. So that's the 10's place right over there. And how many ones do I have? Well, I still have seven ones. So I still have seven in the ones plate.  So 27 minus 10 is one 10 and seven ones, or 17. And another way that you could think about it, and this might be the way that you did it when I first asked you to do it, hey, if I'm taking away a one, I'm gonna reduce my ones place by ones. I go from 27 to 26, but if I'm taking away a 10, then my 10's place is going to go down by one. So I go from a two in the 10's place to a one in the 10's place. I go from 27 to 17. The ones place didn't change. Thank you.  you