 So we have three different shapes. We have stars, we have squares, and we have triangles. And we have a different number of each shape. So we have five stars, we have three squares, and we have six triangles. You don't see them all here. This is just telling us how many of each of these shapes we have. So if we have five stars, three squares, and six triangles, how many total shapes do we have? Well, you're probably saying, maybe I should add these numbers because I'm I'm trying to find the total number.  of shapes. And if you said that, I would say, you are right. So let's add those numbers. So we want to add five plus three plus six plus six. So what is this going to be? Well, what's five plus three? Five triangles plus three squares. Well, five plus three is eight. So this is going to be eight, and then we still have to add six. So we're still...  going to add six. Now what's eight plus six? Well you may or may not know this, and if you don't know this, well you could count things out if you like, but it is a good thing to know just off of the top of your head. So if you don't know it yet, put this in your brain. Eight plus six is 14. Eight plus six is equal to 14. So five plus three plus six is also equal to 14. Now one question you might have.  Well, does it matter the order that I do this in? Well, let's try it the other way around. Let's try it again. Let's write five plus three, plus three, plus six, plus six. Instead of adding the five and the three first, let's add the three and the six first. So what is three plus six? Well, that's going to be nine, and we're going to have five plus nine.  5 plus 9? Well, once again, if you know that, you'll know it's 14. If you don't know that, that's another good thing to put in your brain and just to know 5 plus 9 is equal to 14. If you don't know that and you don't believe me, take some pebbles out and have five pebbles and then nine more and then you'll see that when you add them together, you get to 14. But this is just a good thing for you to know in your brain. And you could have done it the other way around. You could have added 5 and 6 first. And you got 11 plus 3.  would have also been 14. Either way, you have 14 total shapes.