 Let's explore what it means to subtract numbers. So let's say that I want to figure out what 4 minus 3 is. So one way to think about this is you start with 4 objects. And so let me just draw 4 objects. So there I have one.  two, three, and four. So this is the four objects right over here. And when I say minus three, or if I'm gonna subtract three from the four, one way to think about it is I'm gonna take three of these four objects away. So let's do that. So I'm gonna take away one, I'm gonna take away two, and I'm gonna take away three. Notice, I took away one, two,  three objects. So how many do I have left over? Well, if I start with four and I take away three, I subtract three, four minus three, I am left with one object right over here. So four minus three is equal to one. Fascinating, let's do another one of these. Let's figure out what five, What, five?  what 5 minus 2 is. Let's write it this way. Let's say we want to figure out something, some question mark. Some question. Actually, let me just clear this out. So I'll just do it right over here, actually. So let's say we have some question mark. So there's some unknown number right over here. So I'll just put a question mark over here. And we say that unknown number is equal to 5. Thank you.  5 minus 2. So what is this going to be? Well, let's visualize it. This means I have five things, and I'm going to take away two of them. And this is going to be what I have left over after I start with 5 and take away 2. So I have one, two, three, four.  four, five things, and now I am going to take away two of them. So I'm going to take away one and two. So I took away one, two objects. So how many do I have left over? Well, I have left over these. Let me just do it in a different color. I have left over these purple things right over here. So how many is that? How many do I have?  have left over? Well, I have left over 1, 2, 3 of my original 5. So something is equal to 5 minus 2. That something is 3. 3 is equal to 5 minus 2. So let me just replace this with a3. So we see that 3, actually, we do the 3 in the same color as this green. So we see that 3, 3.  is equal to five minus two, or we could say that five minus two is equal to three, either way.