 Where is the point on the number line? Here we have a number line that starts at 1.5 or 1.5 tenths and goes to 1.7 tenths. So the distance between these larger blue tick marks is 1 tenth because we go from 1.5 tenths to 1.6 tenths so that went up a tenth and then up to 1.7 tenths. So this This distance here is one tenth. Or we could write that as a...  decimal one tenth or as a fraction one tenth. That distance between each of these blue large tick marks is a tenth. But we want to know what is this green point right here. So to figure that out we also need to figure out what do these black tick marks represent, these smaller distances. So from here to here is one tenth and within that tenth there are one, two, three, four, five, five six seven eight nine  10 equal spaces. So each of these little spaces is one tenth, one tenth of this distance, because it's one of the ten equal spaces. So this right here is a, this right here is a tenth of this tenth, because a large distance is a tenth, and this is one tenth of that tenth. Another way we could say that is a one 100.  A tenth of a tenth, if you take one tenth and divide it into ten pieces, now you have a one hundredth. So this distance is a one hundredth, which means that each of these distances, this is another hundredth and another hundredth. So how many hundredths till we get to our point? Let's see, one hundredth, two, three, four, five, six, seven. Seven hundredths is what it took us to get there. We could say seven hundredths the frac-  or the decimals, 0.07 with a seven in the hundredths place. So, looking at the whole number line now, putting the whole thing together, we started at 1.5, or one in five tenths, and we went another seven hundredths. So we can write that as plus seven hundredths. So we have one in five tenths plus seven more hundredths, which  is a total of 1 and 57 hundredths or 1.57. So our point right here is at 1.57. One and five tenths plus seven more hundredths gets us to 1 and 57 hundredths.