 In this video, we want to figure out what is equal to 8 plus 7. And I'm going to give you a little bit of help by drawing what is known as 10 frames. And these are useful because as you can see, each of these frames have 10 boxes in them. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10. Or you could.  you can see that it has five and then another five, so a total of 10. So we can represent each of these numbers in their own 10 frame. So we could view this as eight, so we can fill in eight of these squares. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. And that's going to be eight plus seven. So let's fill in seven of those squares. One, two, three, four, five, six, and seven. Thank you.  So using this all as a hint, what is equivalent to eight plus seven? Pause this video and try to think about it. All right, now let's do this together. So the reason why 10 frames are useful is you can think about how many would you have, how many of these circles would you have to move from this 10 frame into this 10 frame on the left in order to fill it up, in order to have 10 right over here? And you can see that we have two spaces to fill up. So what if we were  remove two of these yellow circles into this left 10 frame. What would then happen? So I'm going to erase this one and this one. And remember that I didn't lose them. I just have to put them in a different place now. I'm going to put those two right over here. So one and two. So notice I still have the same number of circles. I still have those seven yellow circles, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven. But I just wrote it a little bit differently so that two of them fill up the left 10 frame. Thank you.  Now this helps us think about what this sum is going to be. Why is that? Because now we filled out all the squares in this left 10 frame. So we know that this left side right over here, this is going to be 10. And now what's left in this right side? Well, on this right side, you can see we filled out half of the 10 frame or one, two, three, four, five squares. So eight plus seven is the same thing as 10 plus five, which you might recognize is going to be equal to 15.  And you can obviously verify that by counting all these. We have 10 here, and then 11, 12, 13, 14, 15.