 What I want to do in this video is think about the different ways to make five. So what do I mean about that? So right over here we have three plus something, so there's some unknown number right over here. Three plus something is going to be equal to five. And in this diagram we have three circles here, that represents the three. And then we have five boxes. One, two, three, four, five.  And so how many more circles do we need in order to fill up all the five boxes? We've clearly already filled three. Well, let's think about it. We just have to add one and two circles. Now we have a total of five, three blue ones, and two of this purple color, or I guess this pink color. So we see that three plus two, three plus...  plus two is equal to five. So that mystery number here, that blank is two. Three plus two is equal to five. Now over here, we have two plus some mystery number is equal to five again. And once again, we have five spaces, and two of them are filled in with these kind of purple pink stars. So how many more do we have to fill in to fill in all five boxes.  two plus what is equal to five? And I encourage you to pause the video and think about it. So I'm assuming you've had a go at it. So let's think about how many more of these boxes we need to fill in in order to fill in all five of them. So we need to fill in one, two, and three of the boxes in order to fill out all five. Now we have five stars. We have two of the pink ones and we have three.  of the blue ones. So we can say that two plus three, the mystery number here is three, two plus three is equal to five. Let's do a few more of these. So here, I have four plus some mystery number is equal to five. And I've filled out four of the five boxes. How many more do I need to fill in in order to have five things? have all five boxes filled out.  Well, we see very clearly here that there is exactly one box that we need to fill in, or one box that we need to add to the other four. So we see that four plus one, four plus one is equal, is equal to five. Now let's go the other way. We have the five boxes, only one of them is filled in. How many more of these smiley faces do we need to add in order to fill in.  in all the boxes, or another way of thinking about it, we have one, how many more do we need to add to one to get to five? And like always, encourage you to pause the video and think about it on your own. Well, let's see, we can add one, we can add two, we can add three, and four yellow smiley faces. smiley faces. So we could say one, we have one white smiley face.  plus one, two, three, four yellow smiley faces is equal to five. And you see a pattern here. Let's start at the beginning. Three plus two is equal to five, and two plus three is equal to five. When you had three filled in, you needed two more to get to five. When you had two filled in, you needed three more to get to five. Notice, three plus two, two plus three. Same thing over here. for  four plus one is equal to five, one plus four is equal to five.