 Let's try to think about what 8 plus 7 is equal to. And we can imagine that this is like taking 8 tomatoes and adding 7 blueberries and then saying, how many pieces of fruit do you have in total? And I encourage you to pause the video and try this out on your own. So I'm assuming you've given a try. So let's think about it a little bit. And the way I'm going to think about it is I'm going to keep adding tomatoes until I fill up my first bucket of...  of 10, and then I'm going to see how many more I have to add to get to essentially add a total of seven. So let's have one tomato, two tomatoes, three tomatoes, four tomatoes, five tomatoes, six tomatoes, seven, and eight tomatoes. Now to those eight tomatoes, I'm gonna add seven.  blueberries. So that's going to be one, two, and actually I'm going to pause there because I just finished a group of ten. This right over here, I already, I've only added two of the blueberries. I still have some more blueberries to add, but just with adding those two blueberries, I have completed a group of ten. So I already have ten pieces of fruit. So I can represent that. I know since I have a a group of ten  here that I have one group of 10. So this is going to be a two-digit number, where the digit on the left is going to be a 1. But I'm not done adding blueberries. I've only added two blueberries. Now let me add a third three blueberries, four blueberries, five blueberries, six blueberries, and seven blueberries. So I have a group of 10, and then above and beyond, filling out that group of 10 which is represented.  represented here because this is going to be a two-digit number. This is the left digit. So this one, since it's in the tens place, it literally represents one group of 10, which is right over there. And then how many more do I have? Well, I have another five ones. Five ones right over here. So we have one 10, and we have five ones. So what is eight plus seven?  it is 15. And another way, just to remind ourselves, what 15 represents, the 1 in 15 represents 1, 10. Let me write it down. It represents 1, 10. And the 5 represents 5, 1s. 5, 1s. And so another way of thinking about it, 1, 10 is the same thing as 10 and 5, 1.  is the same thing as 5. So 8 plus 7 is 15. That was the whole point of this video. But we also want to think about what these numbers represent. 15 literally represents 1, 10 plus 5, 1s, or 10 plus 5.