 We are told the square below represents one hole, so this big square here represents a hole, expressed the shaded area as both a fraction and a decimal. So let's see, we've taken the hole and we've divided it into one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10 equal sections. Each of these columns or each of these tall rectangles represent one tenth of the hole because there are 10 equal sections.  that it has been split into. So each of these is a tenth, and let's see, we have filled in one, two, three, four, five, six of those tenths. So if I wanted to represent it as a fraction, I would say this is six tenths, and if I were to represent it as a decimal, I would say, okay, well, I have zero ones, and I have six tenths. So as a decimal, it is 0.6. Let's do a couple more of these examples. So let's...  say, so okay, oh look at that. Now I have, I see the big square represents one whole, express the shaded areas, both a fraction and a decimal. So what's going on over here? So I have 10 rows, and in each row I have 10 squares. So 10 times 10, this has 100 squares in it. So I've divided my whole into 100 equal sections. So each of these little squares is 100th. So here I have shaded in one.  two, three, four, five, out of the hundred hundredths. Or I could say I have five hundredths right over here. So as a fraction, I could write this as five hundredths. And as a decimal, I could say, oh, I have no ones. I have no tenths, and I have five hundredths. Let's do a couple more examples of this. So let's say that I want to, Let's see, it says express the location.  of the point on the number line is both a fraction and a decimal. Alright, so let's think about it. So this is 2 tenths, this is 3 tenths. And you see the zero tenths, one tenth, or this is zero, one tenth, two tenths, three tenths. And between each tenth, they've split it into 10 equal sections. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10. So each of these little hash marks represent one.  100th. So one way you could view this is we're at 2 tenths. So we have 2 tenths, and then we're gonna have one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, 100ths. So we could view this point as 2 tenths and 700ths. So actually let me write it as a decimal first. So we have 2 tenths, and we have 700ths. Now another way to think about this is we have 27 hundredths. You can count them.  Remember, each of these is one hundredth. So zero, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 27 hundredths. And most people, when they see this number, they won't say two tenths and seven hundredths. They'll just say 27 hundredths. Well, how do you write 27 hundredths as a fraction?  Well, it's 27 hundredths, 27 over, over 100. Let's do, I don't know, I'm kind of in the mood, let's do one more of these. The big square represents one whole, express the shaded areas, both a fraction and a decimal. So we've already seen, there's 100 of these, the whole is put into 100 equal smaller sections, so each of these small squares is a hundredth. And so how many hundredths do we have shaded in? So this is going to be 10.  10 hundredths, 20 hundredths, 21 hundredths. So as a fraction, I'd write that as 21 hundredths. Now, you could, there's a couple of ways to think about it. If we're familiar with it already, we would say, okay, look, two tenths is the same thing as 20 hundredths. So it's gonna be two tenths and 100th, or 21 hundredths. Another way to think about it is, this first row right over here, that's a tenth. Then this next one is a tenth. So you have two tenths, and then you have a hundredth over here.  So anyway, you want to think about it. This is 21 hundredths or two tenths and one hundredth.